feat: learn english block 6.2 (#52539)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-progress-in-weekly-stand-up-meetings/6579dd9846f35921af1ffe1c.md

---
id: 6579dd9846f35921af1ffe1c
title: Task 36
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-36
audioPath: curriculum/js-music-player/We-Are-Going-to-Make-it.mp3
---

<!--
AUDIO REFERENCE: 
Sophie: "I've been stuck on it for a while."
-->

# --description--

'Stuck' means unable to move or progress. In this context, Sophie uses 'stuck' to express difficulty in progressing with her coding issue. The present perfect tense 'I've been stuck' indicates an ongoing situation that started in the past and continues to the present, emphasizing the duration of her challenge.

# --question--

## --text--

What does Sophie mean by saying 'I've been stuck on it for a while'?

## --answers--

`She recently started working on the issue`

### --feedback--

> The phrase 'I've been stuck' suggests an ongoing issue, not something recent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The phrase `I've been stuck` suggests an ongoing issue, not something recent.
```
